README.md, before:


[<img src="assets/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="auto" height="80">](https://cycleworxlangebaan.com)

# Cycleworx Langebaan website

A local bicycle shop in my home town was looking to expand their online exposure. Needing to express their skills and professionalism, we agreed on revamping their old website to a more modern look and feel that accurately reflects who they are—resulting in a fast and good-looking website.


## Screenshots

![Home page](assets/showcase_001.jpg)
<br />
![About page](assets/showcase_002.jpg)
<br />
![Contact page](assets/showcase_003.jpg)


## Tech Stack

**Client:**

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gatsby-%23663399.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gatsby&logoColor=white" />](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2361DAFB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" />](https://reactjs.org/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwind%20css-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind%20css&logoColor=white" />](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%233178C6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)


## Related

Previous iterations of this project.

- [Cycleworx-v1](https://github.com/IamStephan/cycleworx-v1)
- [Cycleworx-v2](https://github.com/IamStephan/cycleworx-v2)

Commit message:

add requirements and caution note

README.md, after:

[<img src="assets/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="auto" height="80">](https://cycleworxlangebaan.com)

# Cycleworx Langebaan website

A local bicycle shop in my home town was looking to expand their online exposure. Needing to express their skills and professionalism, we agreed on revamping their old website to a more modern look and feel that accurately reflects who they are—resulting in a fast and good-looking website.

## Requirements

- node: `v12.18.0`
- yarn: `v1.22.22`

> [!CAUTION]  
> This is an old project and the versions of packages and node are very specific.  
> The lock files are the only thing still allowing this to build.

## Screenshots

![Home page](assets/showcase_001.jpg)
<br />
![About page](assets/showcase_002.jpg)
<br />
![Contact page](assets/showcase_003.jpg)

## Tech Stack

**Client:**

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gatsby-%23663399.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gatsby&logoColor=white" />](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2361DAFB.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" />](https://reactjs.org/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwind%20css-%2338B2AC.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind%20css&logoColor=white" />](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%233178C6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white" />](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

## Related

Previous iterations of this project.

- [Cycleworx-v1](https://github.com/IamStephan/cycleworx-v1)
- [Cycleworx-v2](https://github.com/IamStephan/cycleworx-v2)
